# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

I think that the thrill of learning a new skill and being able to put what I have learned into a practical application is incredibly rewarding.

- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?

I was shocked how quickly we were able to clone some basic page designs. I definitely overpaid for similar services in the past. :)

- What are you struggling with?

My greatest challenges right now are remembering all the syntax, semantics, and formats. there is just so much information that most of it is going in one ear and out the other, but I am gaining enough comprehension that I can usually find the information I have forgotten. I am also not doing very well to connect with others right now, I am usually a very extroverted person, but the stress and pressure of my situation right now makes me uncomfortable and a little grumpy. I will need to figure out how to relax a little, everyone seems really cool and I don't want to miss out on making some friends.

- What would you count as a victory?

I didn't think I was going to be able to do the moody kittens project because we had a medical emergency with my baby and I ended up spending three of the days before classes started at the PICU with her. but my brother forced me to try and I was able to finish it in 2 days which felt really amazing. I was also able to get my checkpoint finished on Friday and even though it isn't very pretty, I think I achieved all of the requirements.